dogs are here where you train your pains. work out
you won torino
a little ago complimentissimi yet we saw that during training there was
still a few details to file there is always something is wrong with you both
there is still so much
arrange to learn
this system
eum
so we are
fail the media training for the shanghai world championships
fair. do the mine do not touch
we feel like a boy who would like for those who want to approach this sport a
swimming in general has any sport what advice would you give
but fired in general precisely adele
must try to understand which
but it is perhaps sparta
is more suitable for him is
open monuments% for game to especially enjoy the files
start to asti nice after time arenzano you have goals e
insecticide make you do everything
if you are an example for many young people
because in any case born in person sports personalities like you
obviously seen by others as an example to follow
but in your opinion those who do sports in general support certain rallies matured in a manner
different and perhaps better way to bank
it surely immerses itself in a different way because
it is as if we lived in a
small world apart from boats if so many aspects but the fact remains in the championship
that in any case starts me viajar at 14 15 years alone then clear announcements and
there are those who go to experience abroad and therefore always have it alone
let's say about the spectra you're more mature
n'altra me extends a little out of the real world if to do to the world to al
work
and therefore
once finished ail still to learn
and see how real life
photo luck just sure dad that i train you
youtube from this point of view there are positive aspects in the sense that there is the
your dad who still pulls you a little under the protective wing you say o .midi
I see a bit of your world in quotation marks on the other, maybe it can
there is a conflict between father and son as you live weight relationship
nice conflict from father daughter
remove the galleon entact this thing that
mini vital then precisely the positive thing is that with
has one shoots so many
in which much trust is needed
and therefore
open letter to avella
it's important
and then in him. areata
in this thing he passed me here
open to so many things
the first thing he told you with us on the trampoline in the first tour first tu
skip the first piece of advice that is too little ago
but is my mother melantrich was my lover started me with her up
to 10 11 years
and then I went with my dad who trained those a little big
the advice that you
for parents
marvin anyway to do it to the point
in which it amuses me I do it with I will like you do when it becomes
how many like it most
buildings also rights are my eyes have seen the cream I can tell you again
both real alpha is the rai is really obviously benetton has weighed I go
under a ram her evening
he gives me a good luck meal an hour
give a last tip to friends sweet to do swimming .it i repeat magara a
baby who think of the tuff as something dangerous but maybe you
reassure
sinale
eliminacode and a panda that yes
lands to lie down they made singers in mind then it will hurt
have you ever tai death and put the hurt you too for now a lot
fun for i cannot start particular
thank you so much